The My Big TOE reality model will help
you understand your life, your purpose,
the totality of the reality you experience,

how that reality works, and how you

might interact most profitably with it.

A half dozen independent test readers of various
backgrounds were asked to evaluate the My Big TOE trilogy
and record their impressions of it. This is what they said:

“Eureka! A Theory Of Evervthing that actually lives up to its name!
My Big TOE not only unifies physics, but unifies philosophy and
theology as well. You will be amazed™
— PAMELA KNIGHT, PHYSICIST

“Reading My Big TOF has challenged my mind and widened
my horizon. Expect your worldview to radically expand and
your perspective to reach a new level of understanding.”
— INA KUZMAN

“My Big TOE is utterly original, pioncering and bold. Campbell
writes with clarity and humor as he explores and answers the hard
questions in this comprehensive work about the ultimate nature
of reality and consciousness. Full of fresh and profound ideas,
you may be astonished to find that learning how reality
works actually improves the quality of your life.”

— LYLE FULLER, POWER ENGINFER

“The My Big TOE wilogy roared through my comfy
no-brainer world like a category F5 tornado that makes vou
laugh ... when the dust finally settled, [ was left with an
incredibly clear view of how and why things are as they are.”

— PEG RocHINE, FOUNDER AND CEO, CLINICAL RESEARCH

“This trilogy will profoundly change you .... you will
never look at your world in the same way again.”
— INA KUZMAN

“Thoroughly challenging, engaging ... a transforming experience.
My Big TOE marks the end of humanity's childhood.”
— LYLE FULLER, POWER ENGINEER

“Unique, profound, and enriching are the words that
most easily come to my mind to describe My Big TOE.”
— TREVOR GOLDSTEIN, PHILOSOPHER AND FUTURIST

“If you have ever asked the questions: Is this all there is?,
What's the purpose?, How am I related to the whole?,
My Big TOE’s logic. grounded in science, provides unequivocal
answers that make you think. A profoundly fascinating read!”
— INA KUZMAN